Oh clover where the wind comes sweeping
down the plane
stop it why couldn't they have sent me
to Texas seven o'clock maybe I'll hit
the gym uh Who am I kidding
pay-per-view porn
Monica is everything alright yeah
everything's great it's just uh watching
some regular television there oh what a
pleasant surprise you gonna
I'm gonna go freshen up okay okay oh
that was close
hello hey Rach it's me okay I just cut
to Chandlers room and I caught him
molesting himself that couldn't have
been pretty but you know guys do that
yeah oh well the weird part is he was
getting off to a short attack show no
yes
Chandler watches shark porn watchin
sharks are you sure that's what he was
doing do you know how many times I've
seen him jump up like that believe me I
know what he was doing man
sharks always knew there was something
weird about that dude but you promise to
love him no matter what
what means like if he gets a disease or
kills someone not if he gets his jollies
to jaws
you know what honey guys are just
different they like things that we can't
understand you know I once dated this
guy who wanted to pretend that he was an
archeologist and that I was this naughty
cave woman who he unfroze from a block
of ice
who are you talking about my brother
yeah I didn't disguise that very well
did I how was your flight
oh it was great here won't you sit down
get yourself comfortable because I have
a little surprise for you oh well well
must be 5:00 in Tulsa because it's sex o
clock in NYC
okay this is how much I love you
the great
I mean what am i watching a bunch of
sharks swimming around
No is this not the good part - something
to theor why I'm just not sure that you
you got the right Louie that's all oh
this is the only one they had at our
video store oh but they did have
something called crocodile killers what
does it always have to be sharks does
what always have to be sharks Hey look
we could do something else do you want
me to get into the table and thrash
what's going on it's okay
it's okay I still love you let me be a
part of this let me be a part of this I
saw what you were doing in Tulsa angry
sharks turn you on
no they don't then why were you watching
them and giving yourself a treat oh my
god when you came in I switched the
channel I was just watching regular porn
really yeah it's just some good
old-fashioned American girl-on-girl
action can I tell you how happy that
makes me
oh you are an amazing wife oh really you
are amazing I mean you were actually
gonna do this for me I mean where do you
find the strength in the understanding
for something like that I'm very very
drunk right now